# ChangelogAll notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.## [1.8.3] - 2021-07-12### Add- Use of statics as properties.- Switch dock blocks for all generated classes.### Fix- Fixed the names of relationships in camelCase.- The default migration value can now be Boolean and Null.### Change- Changed the standard activity value in Boolean.## [1.8.2] - 2021-07-07### Add- Ability to disable comments in the custom properties of the model.## [1.8.1] - 2021-07-07### Fix- Generation of the opposite relation to the "hasMany" relation.## [1.8.0] - 2021-07-05### Added- Generation of factories.- Automatic addition of the `HasFactory` trait when using factory generation.- Seeder generator.- Custom property model generator.## [1.7.0] - 2021-07-04### Added- Launching the scaffolding command specifying the   `--required=` parameter into which you can enumerate   the list of those models that are in the system.- Added the concept of `ScaffoldConstruct` for processing   incoming user data.- Added the concept of `ScaffoldCommands`, this is a list   of standard commands for more comfortable expansion and   creation of more flexible structures### Changed- The parameter for the integration of `blanc`, `required` has been moved   to the `ScaffoldCommands`.## [1.6.0] - 2021-07-03### Added- Globally adding named data for the merge to the   construction using the `"required": ["...", ...]` parameter.- Forced globally adding named data for the merge to the   construction.## [1.5.2] - 2021-07-01### Added- Added Changelog.### Fixed- Fix const arrays.- Fix const intager.## [1.5.1] - 2021-07-01### Fixed- Fix migration timestamps.## [1.5.0] - 2021-07-01### Added- Added doc blocks.- Added doc blocks switcher to configs.## [1.3.6] - 2021-06-02### Added- Default model props.## [1.3.5] - 2021-06-02### Added- Added documentation to readme.- File Storage clearing.- Auth model mode.## [1.3.0] - 2021-05-26### Added- Added cast selector.- Added custom cast generator.## [1.1.0] - 2021-05-23### Added- Added documentation to readme.- Added new configs.- Added request generation.- Added rules generation.## [1.0.1] - 2021-05-22### Added- Added documentation to readme.- Observer generator.- Bug fix.## [1.0.0] - 2021-05-22### Added- License mit.- Readme documentation file.- Some package for generate code scaffold.